1. A Robot moves in a Plane starting from the origin point (0,0). The robot can move toward UP, DOWN, LEFT, RIGHT.
   The trace of Robot movement is as given following:
   UP 5
   DOWN 3
   LEFT 3
   RIGHT 2
   The numbers after directions are steps. Write a program to compute the distance current position after sequence of movements.
   Hint: Use math module.

2. Data of XYZ company is stored in sorted list. Write a program for searching specific data from that list.
   Hint: Use if/elif to deal with conditions.

3. Weather forecasting organization wants to show is it day or night. So, write a program for such organization to find whether
   is it dark outside or not.
   Hint: Use time module.

4. Write a program to find distance between two locations when their latitude and longitudes are given.
   Hint: Use math module.

5. Design a software for bank system. There should be options like cash withdraw, cash credit and change password.
   According to user input, the software should provide required output.
   Hint: Use if else statements and functions.

6. Write a program which will find all such numbers which are divisible by 7 but are not a multiple of 5,
   between 2000 and 3200 (both included). The numbers obtained should be printed in a comma-separated sequence on a single line.

7. Write a program which can compute the factorial of a given numbers. Use recursion to find it.
   Hint: Suppose the following input is supplied to the program: 8 Then, the output should be: 40320

8. Write a program that calculates and prints the value according to the given formula:
   Q = Square root of [(2 * C * D)/H]
   Following are the fixed values of C and H: C is 50. H is 30.
   D is the variable whose values should be input to your program in a comma- separated sequence.
   Example:
   Let us assume the following comma separated input sequence is given to the program:   100,150,180
   The output of the program should be: 18,22,24

9. Write a program which takes 2 digits, X,Y as input and generates a 2-dimensional array.
   The element value in the i-th row and j-th column of the array should be i*j.
   Note: i=0,1.., X-1; j=0,1,¡Y-1.
   Example:
   Suppose the following inputs are given to the program:
   3,5
   Then, the output of the program should be:
   [[0, 0, 0, 0, 0], [0, 1, 2, 3, 4], [0, 2, 4, 6, 8]]
   
10. Write a program that accepts a comma separated sequence of words as input and prints the words in a comma-separated
    sequence after sorting them alphabetically.
    Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:   without,hello,bag,world
    Then, the output should be:   bag,hello,without,world

11. Write a program that accepts sequence of lines as input and prints the lines after making all characters in the sentence capitalized.
    Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:
    Hello world
    Practice makes perfect
    Then, the output should be:
    HELLO WORLD
    PRACTICE MAKES PERFECT

12. Write a program that accepts a sequence of whitespace separated words as input and prints the words after removing all
    duplicate words and sorting them alphanumerically.
    Suppose the following input is supplied to the program: hello world and practice makes perfect and hello world again
    Then, the output should be:  again and hello makes perfect practice world

13. Write a program which accepts a sequence of comma separated 4 digit binary numbers as its input and then check whether
    they are divisible by 5 or not. The numbers that are divisible by 5 are to be printed in a comma separated sequence.
    Example: 0100,0011,1010,1001
    Then the output should be: 1010

14. Write a program that accepts a sentence and calculate the number of upper case letters and lower case letters.
    Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:
    Hello world!
    Then, the output should be:
    UPPER CASE 1
    LOWER CASE 9

15. Give example of fsum and sum function of math library.
